SKU	Product ID	Reference Name	Type	Cleared For Sale	Wholesale Price Tier	Displayed Name	Description	Screenshot Path	Effective Date	End Date	Review Notes	Hosted Content Path
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.angershome	Club Soccer FR  Angers Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Angers Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bastiahome	Club Soccer FR  Bastia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Bastia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bordeauxhome	Club Soccer FR  Bordeaux Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Bordeaux Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lemanshome	Club Soccer FR  Lemans Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Lemans Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marseillehome	Club Soccer FR  Marseille Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Marseille Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.monacohome	Club Soccer FR  Monaco Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Monaco Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nancyhome	Club Soccer FR  Nancy Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Nancy Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nanteshome	Club Soccer FR  Nantes Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Nantes Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nicehome	Club Soccer FR  Nice Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Nice Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.olymlyonnaishome	Club Soccer FR  Olym Lyonnais Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Olym Lyonnais Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.psghome	Club Soccer FR  PSG Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  PSG Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.renneshome	Club Soccer FR  Rennes Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Rennes Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.stetiennehome	Club Soccer FR  St Etienne Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  St Etienne Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.toulousehome	Club Soccer FR  Toulouse Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Toulouse Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.valencienneshome	Club Soccer FR  Valenciennes Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer FR  Valenciennes Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.atlantehome	Club Soccer MX  Atlante Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX  Atlante Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chiapashome	Club Soccer MX  Chiapas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX  Chiapas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.moreliahome	Club Soccer MX  Morelia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX  Morelia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pueblahome	Club Soccer MX  Puebla Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX  Puebla Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.unamhome	Club Soccer MX  UNAM Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX  UNAM Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.frosinonehome	Club Soccer IT  Frosinone Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Frosinone Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.genoahome	Club Soccer IT  Genoa Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Genoa Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.parmahome	Club Soccer IT  Parma Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Parma Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.torinohome	Club Soccer IT  Torino Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Torino Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.udinesehome	Club Soccer IT  Udinese Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Udinese Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.veronahome	Club Soccer IT  Verona Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT  Verona Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.atleticomadridhome	Club Soccer ES  Atletico Madrid Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Atletico Madrid Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.getafehome	Club Soccer ES  Getafe Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Getafe Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sevillahome	Club Soccer ES  Sevilla Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Sevilla Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rayovallecanohome	Club Soccer ES  Rayo Vallecano Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Rayo Vallecano Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.realmadridhome	Club Soccer ES  Real Madrid Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Real Madrid Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.valladolidhome	Club Soccer ES  Valladolid Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Valladolid Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.valenciahome	Club Soccer ES  Valencia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES  Valencia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.botafogohome	Club Soccer BR  Botafogo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR  Botafogo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.corinthianshome	Club Soccer BR  Corinthians Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR  Corinthians Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coritibahome	Club Soccer BR  Coritiba Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR  Coritiba Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fortalezahome	Club Soccer BR  Fortaleza Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR  Fortaleza Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guaranihome	Club Soccer BR  Guarani Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR  Guarani Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.arsenaldesarandihome	Club Soccer AR  Arsenal de Sarandi Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Arsenal de Sarandi Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.belgranohome	Club Soccer AR  Belgrano Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Belgrano Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.godoycruzhome	Club Soccer AR  Godoy Cruz Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Godoy Cruz Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.huracanhome	Club Soccer AR  Huracan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Huracan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sanmartinsjhome	Club Soccer AR  San Martin SJ Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  San Martin SJ Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.colonhome	Club Soccer AR  Colon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Colon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tigrehome	Club Soccer AR  Tigre Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR  Tigre Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.arsenalhome	Club Soccer UK  Arsenal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Arsenal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chelseahome	Club Soccer UK  Chelsea Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Chelsea Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.leicesterhome	Club Soccer UK  Leicester Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Leicester Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.liverpoolhome	Club Soccer UK  Liverpool Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Liverpool Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.manchestercityhome	Club Soccer UK  Manchester City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Manchester City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.manchesterunitedhome	Club Soccer UK  Manchester United Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Manchester United Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newcastlehome	Club Soccer UK  Newcastle Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Newcastle Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tottenhamhome	Club Soccer UK  Tottenham Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer UK  Tottenham Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chicagofirehome	Club Soccer USA  Chicago Fire Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Chicago Fire Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coloradorapidshome	Club Soccer USA  Colorado Rapids Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Colorado Rapids Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.columbuscrewhome	Club Soccer USA  Columbus Crew Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Columbus Crew Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dcunitedhome	Club Soccer USA  DC United Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  DC United Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fcdallashome	Club Soccer USA  FC Dallas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  FC Dallas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.houstondynamohome	Club Soccer USA  Houston Dynamo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Houston Dynamo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kansascitysportinghome	Club Soccer USA  Kansas City Sporting Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Kansas City Sporting Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lagalaxyhome	Club Soccer USA  LA Galaxy Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  LA Galaxy Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nymetrostarshome	Club Soccer USA  NY MetroStars Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  NY MetroStars Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.montrealimpacthome	Club Soccer USA  Montreal Impact Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Montreal Impact Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newenglandrevolutionhome	Club Soccer USA  New England Revolution Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  New England Revolution Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newyorkredbullshome	Club Soccer USA  New York Red Bulls Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  New York Red Bulls Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.philadelphiaunionhome	Club Soccer USA  Philadelphia Union Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Philadelphia Union Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.portlandtimbershome	Club Soccer USA  Portland Timbers Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Portland Timbers Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.realsaltlakehome	Club Soccer USA  Real Salt Lake Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Real Salt Lake Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sanjoseearthquakeshome	Club Soccer USA  San Jose Earthquakes Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  San Jose Earthquakes Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.seattlesoundershome	Club Soccer USA  Seattle Sounders Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Seattle Sounders Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.torontohome	Club Soccer USA  Toronto Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Toronto Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vancouverwhitecapshome	Club Soccer USA  Vancouver Whitecaps Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer USA  Vancouver Whitecaps Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.armystandard	USA Causes  Army Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Army Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.navystandard	USA Causes  Navy Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Navy Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.airforcestandard	USA Causes  Air Force Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Air Force Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinesstandard	USA Causes  Marines Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Marines Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coastguardstandard	USA Causes  Coast Guard Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Coast Guard Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.democraticpartystandard	USA Causes  Democratic Party Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Democratic Party Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.republicanpartystandard	USA Causes  Republican Party Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Republican Party Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.libertarianpartystandard	USA Causes  Libertarian Party Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Libertarian Party Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.greenpartystandard	USA Causes  Green Party Standard	Non-Consumable	yes	1	USA Causes  Green Party Standard	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsranchobuenavista	Schools  California High Schools Rancho Buena Vista	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Rancho Buena Vista	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsvista	Schools  California High Schools Vista	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Vista	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsoceanside	Schools  California High Schools Oceanside	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Oceanside	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolselcamino	Schools  California High Schools El Camino	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools El Camino	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolscarlsbad	Schools  California High Schools Carlsbad	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Carlsbad	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolshthnorthcounty	Schools  California High Schools HTH North County	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools HTH North County	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolssanmarcos	Schools  California High Schools San Marcos	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools San Marcos	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsescondido	Schools  California High Schools Escondido	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Escondido	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsorangeglen	Schools  California High Schools Orange Glen	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Orange Glen	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolslacostacanyon	Schools  California High Schools La Costa Canyon	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools La Costa Canyon	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolspoway	Schools  California High Schools Poway	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Poway	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.californiahighschoolsranchobernardo	Schools  California High Schools Rancho Bernardo	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Schools  California High Schools Rancho Bernardo	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/ffimages/purchaseExample.png	Now	None	Light pattern and timing combination for use in the Flash Force app	
