SKU	Product ID	Reference Name	Type	Cleared For Sale	Wholesale Price Tier	Displayed Name	Description	Screenshot Path	Effective Date	End Date	Review Notes	Hosted Content Path
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.whitesoxdefault	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.whitesoxaway	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.whitesoxbluered	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Blue/Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Blue/Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.whitesoxblackwhite	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (South) Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oriolesdefault	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oriolesaway	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Away Gray	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Away Gray	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oriolesorange	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oriolesblack	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Baltimore Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dodgersdefault	US Pro Baseball Los Angeles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Los Angeles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dodgersaway	US Pro Baseball Los Angeles Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Los Angeles Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.yankeesdefault	US Pro Baseball New York (Bronx) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Bronx) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.yankeesaway	US Pro Baseball New York (Bronx) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Bronx) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.diamondbacksdefault	US Pro Baseball Arizona Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Arizona Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.diamondbacksaway	US Pro Baseball Arizona Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Arizona Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.diamondbacksalt1	US Pro Baseball Arizona Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Arizona Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.diamondbacksal2	US Pro Baseball Arizona Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Arizona Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rangersdefault	US Pro Baseball Texas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Texas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rangersaway	US Pro Baseball Texas Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Texas Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rangersalt1	US Pro Baseball Texas Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Texas Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rangersal2	US Pro Baseball Texas Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Texas Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.padresdefault	US Pro Baseball San Diego Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Diego Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.padresaway	US Pro Baseball San Diego Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Diego Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.padresalt1	US Pro Baseball San Diego Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Diego Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.padresal2	US Pro Baseball San Diego Sand Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Diego Sand Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raysdefault	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raysaway	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raysalt1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Throwback	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Throwback	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raysalt2	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raysalt3	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Lt Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Tampa Bay Lt Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejaysdefault	US Pro Baseball Toronto Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Toronto Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejaysaway	US Pro Baseball Toronto Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Toronto Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejaysalt1	US Pro Baseball Toronto Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Toronto Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.angelsdefault	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.angelsaway	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.angelsalt1	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Anaheim Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cubsdefault	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cubsaway	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cubsalt1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Chicago (North) Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rockiesdefault	US Pro Baseball Colorado Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Colorado Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rockiesaway	US Pro Baseball Colorado Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Colorado Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rockiesalt1	US Pro Baseball Colorado Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Colorado Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rockiesalt2	US Pro Baseball Colorado Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Colorado Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.astrosdefault	US Pro Baseball Houston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Houston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.astrosaway	US Pro Baseball Houston Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Houston Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.astrosalt1	US Pro Baseball Houston Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Houston Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsoxdefault	US Pro Baseball Boston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Boston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsoxaway	US Pro Baseball Boston Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Boston Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsoxalt1	US Pro Baseball Boston Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Boston Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsoxalt2	US Pro Baseball Boston Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Boston Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brewersdefault	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brewersaway	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brewersalt1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Gold Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Gold Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brewersal2	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brewersalt4	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Striped	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Milwaukee Striped	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.indiansdefault	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.indiansaway	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.indiansalt1	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.indiansalt2	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cleveland Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.royalsdefault	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.royalsaway	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.royalsalt1	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Lt Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Lt Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.royalsalt2	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Kansas City Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.stcardinalsdefault	US Pro Baseball St Louis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball St Louis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.stcardinalsaway	US Pro Baseball St Louis Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball St Louis Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.stcardinalsalt1	US Pro Baseball St Louis Off-White	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball St Louis Off-White	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinersdefault	US Pro Baseball Seattle Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinersaway	US Pro Baseball Seattle Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinersalt1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Sunday Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Sunday Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinersgreen	US Pro Baseball Seattle Green Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Green Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marinersblue	US Pro Baseball Seattle Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Seattle Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.philliesdefault	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.philliesaway	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.philliesalt1	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Cream	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Philadelphia Cream	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.metsdefault	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.metsaway	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.metsalt1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.metsalt2	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Blue/Gray	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Blue/Gray	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.metsalt3	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Brown Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball New York (Queens) Brown Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bravesdefault	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bravesaway	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bravesalt1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Cream	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Cream	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bravesalt2	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bravesalt3	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Atlanta Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticsdefault	US Pro Baseball Oakland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Oakland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticsaway	US Pro Baseball Oakland Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Oakland Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticsalt1	US Pro Baseball Oakland Yellow Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Oakland Yellow Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticsalt2	US Pro Baseball Oakland Green Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Oakland Green Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sfgiantsdefault	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sfgiantsaway	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sfgiantsalt1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sfgiantsalt2	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sfgiantsalt3	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Gray Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball San Francisco Gray Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nationalsdefault	US Pro Baseball Washington Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Washington Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nationalsaway	US Pro Baseball Washington Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Washington Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nationalsalt1	US Pro Baseball Washington Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Washington Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nationalsalt2	US Pro Baseball Washington Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Washington Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marlinsdefault	US Pro Baseball Miami Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Miami Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marlinsaway	US Pro Baseball Miami Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Miami Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marlinsalt1	US Pro Baseball Miami Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Miami Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.marlinsalt2	US Pro Baseball Miami Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Miami Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tigersdefault	US Pro Baseball Detroit Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Detroit Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tigersaway	US Pro Baseball Detroit Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Detroit Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.piratesdefault	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.piratesaway	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.piratesalt1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh White Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh White Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.piratesalt2	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.piratesalt3	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Brown Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Pittsburgh Brown Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.twinsdefault	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.twinsaway	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.twinsalt1	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Striped Cream	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Striped Cream	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.twinsalt2	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Minnesota Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsdefault	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsaway	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redsalt1	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Baseball Cincinnati Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sharksdefault	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sharksaway	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sharksalt1	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey San Jose Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redwingsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Detroit Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Detroit Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redwingsaway	NA Pro Hockey Detroit Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Detroit Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.predatorsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Nashville Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Nashville Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.predatorsaway	NA Pro Hockey Nashville Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Nashville Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hurricanesdefault	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hurricanesaway	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hurricanesalt1	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Carolina Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bruinsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Boston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Boston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bruinsaway	NA Pro Hockey Boston Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Boston Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bruinsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Boston Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Boston Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejacketsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejacketsaway	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluejacketsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Columbus Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flpanthersdefault	NA Pro Hockey Florida Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Florida Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flpanthersaway	NA Pro Hockey Florida Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Florida Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ducksdefault	NA Pro Hockey Anaheim Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Anaheim Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ducksaway	NA Pro Hockey Anaheim Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Anaheim Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sabresdefault	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sabresaway	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sabresalt1	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Yellow Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Buffalo Yellow Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.canadiensdefault	NA Pro Hockey Montreal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Montreal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.canadiensaway	NA Pro Hockey Montreal Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Montreal Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oilsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Edmonton Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Edmonton Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oilsaway	NA Pro Hockey Edmonton Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Edmonton Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.penguinsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.penguinsaway	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pengiunsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Yellow Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Pittsburgh Yellow Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nyrangersdefault	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nyrangersaway	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nyrangersalt1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Manhattan) Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.capitalsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.capitalsaway	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.capitalsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC White Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Washington DC White Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluesdefault	NA Pro Hockey St Louis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey St Louis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bluesaway	NA Pro Hockey St Louis Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey St Louis Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mapleleafsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mapleleafsaway	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mapleleafsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Toronto Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wilddefault	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wildaway	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wildalt1	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Minnesota Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.starsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Dallas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Dallas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.starsaway	NA Pro Hockey Dallas Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Dallas Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wjetsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Winnipeg Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Winnipeg Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wjetsaway	NA Pro Hockey Winnipeg Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Winnipeg Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.devilsdefault	NA Pro Hockey New Jersey Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New Jersey Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.devilsaway	NA Pro Hockey New Jersey Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New Jersey Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lightningdefault	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lightningaway	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lightningalt1	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Tampa Bay Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kingsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Los Angeles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Los Angeles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kingsaway	NA Pro Hockey Los Angeles Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Los Angeles Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flamesdefault	NA Pro Hockey Calgary Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Calgary Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flamesaway	NA Pro Hockey Calgary Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Calgary Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.blackhawksdefault	NA Pro Hockey Chicago Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Chicago Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.blackhawksaway	NA Pro Hockey Chicago Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Chicago Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.avalancedefault	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.avalanceaway	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.avalancealt1	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Colorado Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coyotesdefault	NA Pro Hockey Arizona Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Arizona Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coyotesaway	NA Pro Hockey Arizona Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Arizona Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.senatorsdefault	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.senatorsaway	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.senatorsalt1	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Ottawa Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.islandersdefault	NA Pro Hockey New York (Brooklyn) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Brooklyn) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.islandersaway	NA Pro Hockey New York (Brooklyn) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey New York (Brooklyn) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.canucksdefault	NA Pro Hockey Vancouver Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Vancouver Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.canucksaway	NA Pro Hockey Vancouver Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Vancouver Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flyersdefault	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flyersaway	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.flyersalt1	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Gold Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Hockey Philadelphia Gold Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saintsdefault	US Pro Football New Orleans Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New Orleans Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saintsaway	US Pro Football New Orleans Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New Orleans Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bearsdefault	US Pro Football Chicago Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Chicago Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bearsaway	US Pro Football Chicago Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Chicago Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bearsalt1	US Pro Football Chicago Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Chicago Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.steelersdefault	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.steelersaway	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.steelersalt1	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Throwback	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Pittsburgh Throwback	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.patriotsdefault	US Pro Football New England Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New England Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.patriotsaway	US Pro Football New England Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New England Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.patriotsalt1	US Pro Football New England Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New England Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jetsdefault	US Pro Football New York Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New York Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jetsaway	US Pro Football New York Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New York Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.panthersdefault	US Pro Football Carolina Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Carolina Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.panthersaway	US Pro Football Carolina Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Carolina Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.panthersalt1	US Pro Football Carolina Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Carolina Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fortyninersdefault	US Pro Football San Francisco Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football San Francisco Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fortyninersaway	US Pro Football San Francisco Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football San Francisco Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.buccaneersdefault	US Pro Football Tampa Bay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Tampa Bay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.buccaneersaway	US Pro Football Tampa Bay Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Tampa Bay Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eaglesdefault	US Pro Football Philadelphia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Philadelphia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eaglesaway	US Pro Football Philadelphia Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Philadelphia Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eaglesalt1	US Pro Football Philadelphia Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Philadelphia Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coltsdefault	US Pro Football Indianapolis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Indianapolis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.coltsaway	US Pro Football Indianapolis Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Indianapolis Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.seahawksdefault	US Pro Football Seattle Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Seattle Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.seahawksaway	US Pro Football Seattle Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Seattle Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.seahawksalt1	US Pro Football Seattle Gray Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Seattle Gray Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cardinalsdefault	US Pro Football Arizona Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Arizona Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cardinalsaway	US Pro Football Arizona Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Arizona Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cardinalsalt1	US Pro Football Arizona Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Arizona Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.falconsdefault	US Pro Football Atlanta Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Atlanta Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.falconsaway	US Pro Football Atlanta Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Atlanta Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.falconsalt1	US Pro Football Atlanta Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Atlanta Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.texansdefault	US Pro Football Houston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Houston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.texansaway	US Pro Football Houston Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Houston Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.texansalt1	US Pro Football Houston Red Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Houston Red Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.titansdefault	US Pro Football Tennessee Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Tennessee Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.titansaway	US Pro Football Tennessee Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Tennessee Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.titansalt1	US Pro Football Tennessee Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Tennessee Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brownsdefault	US Pro Football Cleveland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cleveland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brownsaway	US Pro Football Cleveland Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cleveland Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brownsalt1	US Pro Football Cleveland Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cleveland Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bengalsdefault	US Pro Football Cincinnati Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cincinnati Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bengalsaway	US Pro Football Cincinnati Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cincinnati Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bengalsalt1	US Pro Football Cincinnati Orange Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Cincinnati Orange Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raidersdefault	US Pro Football Oakland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Oakland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raidersaway	US Pro Football Oakland Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Oakland Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.billsdefault	US Pro Football Buffalo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Buffalo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.billsaway	US Pro Football Buffalo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Buffalo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.billsalt1	US Pro Football Buffalo White Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Buffalo White Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chargersdefault	US Pro Football San Diego Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football San Diego Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chargersaway	US Pro Football San Diego Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football San Diego Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chargersalt1	US Pro Football San Diego Powder Blue	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football San Diego Powder Blue	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dolphicsdefault	US Pro Football Miami Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Miami Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dolphicsaway	US Pro Football Miami Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Miami Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.giantsdefault	US Pro Football New York Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New York Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.giantsaway	US Pro Football New York Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football New York Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ramsdefault	US Pro Football St Louis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football St Louis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ramsaway	US Pro Football St Louis Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football St Louis Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ramsalt1	US Pro Football St Louis Yellow Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football St Louis Yellow Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jaguarsdefault	US Pro Football Jacksonville Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Jacksonville Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jaguarsaway	US Pro Football Jacksonville Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Jacksonville Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jaguarsalt1	US Pro Football Jacksonville Green Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Jacksonville Green Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ravensdefault	US Pro Football Baltimore Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Baltimore Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ravensaway	US Pro Football Baltimore Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Baltimore Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ravensalt1	US Pro Football Baltimore Black Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Baltimore Black Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lionsdefault	US Pro Football Detroit Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Detroit Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lionsaway	US Pro Football Detroit Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Detroit Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chiefsdefault	US Pro Football Kansas City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Kansas City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chiefsaway	US Pro Football Kansas City Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Kansas City Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.broncosdefault	US Pro Football Denver Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Denver Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.broncosaway	US Pro Football Denver Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Denver Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.broncosalt1	US Pro Football Denver Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Denver Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redskinsdefault	US Pro Football Washington Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Washington Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redskinsaway	US Pro Football Washington Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Washington Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redskinsalt1	US Pro Football Washington Gold Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Washington Gold Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.packersdefault	US Pro Football Green Bay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Green Bay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.packersaway	US Pro Football Green Bay Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Green Bay Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.packersalt1	US Pro Football Green Bay Blue Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Green Bay Blue Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vikingsdefault	US Pro Football Minnesota Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Minnesota Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vikingsaway	US Pro Football Minnesota Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Minnesota Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cowboysdefault	US Pro Football Dallas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Dallas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cowboysaway	US Pro Football Dallas Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Dallas Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cowboysalt1	US Pro Football Dallas White Alternate	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Football Dallas White Alternate	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.firedefault	NA Pro Soccer Chicago Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Chicago Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.revolutiondefault	NA Pro Soccer New England Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer New England Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.torontofcdefault	NA Pro Soccer Toronto Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Toronto Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fcdallasdefault	NA Pro Soccer Dallas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Dallas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.timbersdefault	NA Pro Soccer Portland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Portland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nycfcdefault	NA Pro Soccer New York City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer New York City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.redbullsdefault	NA Pro Soccer New York Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer New York Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.impactdefault	NA Pro Soccer Montreal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Montreal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dcuniteddefault	NA Pro Soccer DC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer DC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.crewdefault	NA Pro Soccer Columbus Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Columbus Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.earthquakesdefault	NA Pro Soccer San Jose Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer San Jose Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.uniondefault	NA Pro Soccer Philadelphia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Philadelphia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rapidsdefault	NA Pro Soccer Colorado Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Colorado Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sportingkcdefault	NA Pro Soccer Kansas City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Kansas City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.soundersfcdefault	NA Pro Soccer Seattle Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Seattle Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chivasusadefault	NA Pro Soccer Chivas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Chivas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.orlandoscdefault	NA Pro Soccer Orlando Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Orlando Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.realsldefault	NA Pro Soccer Salt Lake Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Salt Lake Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.whitecapsfcdefault	NA Pro Soccer Vancouver Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Vancouver Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dynamodefault	NA Pro Soccer Houston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Houston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lagalaxydefault	NA Pro Soccer Los Angeles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	NA Pro Soccer Los Angeles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.knicksdefault	US Pro Basketball New York Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball New York Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lakersdefault	US Pro Basketball Los Angeles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Los Angeles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.grizzliesdefault	US Pro Basketball Memphis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Memphis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.spursdefault	US Pro Basketball San Antonio Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball San Antonio Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pelicansdefault	US Pro Basketball New Orleans Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball New Orleans Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rocketsdefault	US Pro Basketball Houston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Houston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pistonsdefault	US Pro Basketball Detroit Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Detroit Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.celticsdefault	US Pro Basketball Boston Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Boston Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.heatdefault	US Pro Basketball Miami Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Miami Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.magicdefault	US Pro Basketball Orlando Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Orlando Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.trailblazersdefault	US Pro Basketball Portland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Portland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.warriorsdefault	US Pro Basketball Golden State Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Golden State Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bullsdefault	US Pro Basketball Chicago Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Chicago Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wizardsdefault	US Pro Basketball Washington Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Washington Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mavericksdefault	US Pro Basketball Dallas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Dallas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.timerwolvesdefault	US Pro Basketball Minnesota Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Minnesota Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.clippersdefault	US Pro Basketball Los Angeles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Los Angeles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.thunderdefault	US Pro Basketball Oklahoma City Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Oklahoma City Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hornetsdefault	US Pro Basketball Charlotte Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Charlotte Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bucksdefault	US Pro Basketball Milwaukee Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Milwaukee Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.raptorsdefault	US Pro Basketball Toronto Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Toronto Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jazzdefault	US Pro Basketball Utah Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Utah Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sunsdefault	US Pro Basketball Phoenix Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Phoenix Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sackingsdefault	US Pro Basketball Sacramento Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Sacramento Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sevsixersdefault	US Pro Basketball Philadelphia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Philadelphia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cavaliersdefault	US Pro Basketball Cleveland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Cleveland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hawksdefault	US Pro Basketball Atlanta Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Atlanta Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.netsdefault	US Pro Basketball Brooklyn Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Brooklyn Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pacersdefault	US Pro Basketball Indiana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Indiana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nuggetsdefault	US Pro Basketball Denver Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	US Pro Basketball Denver Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.afghanistan	National Soccer Afghanistan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Afghanistan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.australia	National Soccer Australia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Australia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bahrain	National Soccer Bahrain Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bahrain Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bangladesh	National Soccer Bangladesh Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bangladesh Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bhutan	National Soccer Bhutan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bhutan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bruneidarussalam	National Soccer Brunei Darussalam Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Brunei Darussalam Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cambodia	National Soccer Cambodia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cambodia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chinapr	National Soccer China PR Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer China PR Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chinesetaipei	National Soccer Chinese Taipei Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Chinese Taipei Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guam	National Soccer Guam Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guam Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hongkong	National Soccer Hong Kong Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Hong Kong Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.india	National Soccer India Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer India Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.indonesia	National Soccer Indonesia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Indonesia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.iran	National Soccer Iran Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Iran Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.iraq	National Soccer Iraq Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Iraq Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.japan	National Soccer Japan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Japan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jordan	National Soccer Jordan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Jordan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.koreadpr	National Soccer Korea DPR Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Korea DPR Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.korearepublic	National Soccer Korea Republic Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Korea Republic Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kuwait	National Soccer Kuwait Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Kuwait Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kyrgyzstan	National Soccer Kyrgyzstan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Kyrgyzstan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.laos	National Soccer Laos Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Laos Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lebanon	National Soccer Lebanon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Lebanon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.macau	National Soccer Macau Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Macau Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.malaysia	National Soccer Malaysia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Malaysia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.maldives	National Soccer Maldives Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Maldives Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mongolia	National Soccer Mongolia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mongolia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.myanmar	National Soccer Myanmar Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Myanmar Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nepal	National Soccer Nepal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Nepal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.northernmarianaislands	National Soccer Northern Mariana Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Northern Mariana Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.oman	National Soccer Oman Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Oman Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pakistan	National Soccer Pakistan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Pakistan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.palestine	National Soccer Palestine Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Palestine Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.philippines	National Soccer Philippines Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Philippines Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.qatar	National Soccer Qatar Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Qatar Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saudiarabia	National Soccer Saudi Arabia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Saudi Arabia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.singapore	National Soccer Singapore Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Singapore Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.srilanka	National Soccer Sri Lanka Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sri Lanka Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.syria	National Soccer Syria Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Syria Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tajikistan	National Soccer Tajikistan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tajikistan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.thailand	National Soccer Thailand Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Thailand Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.timor-leste	National Soccer Timor-Leste Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Timor-Leste Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.turkmenistan	National Soccer Turkmenistan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Turkmenistan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.unitedarabemirates	National Soccer United Arab Emirates Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer United Arab Emirates Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.uzbekistan	National Soccer Uzbekistan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Uzbekistan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vietnam	National Soccer Vietnam Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Vietnam Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.yemen	National Soccer Yemen Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Yemen Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.algeria	National Soccer Algeria Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Algeria Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.angola	National Soccer Angola Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Angola Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.benin	National Soccer Benin Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Benin Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.botswana	National Soccer Botswana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Botswana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.burkinafaso	National Soccer Burkina Faso Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Burkina Faso Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.burundi	National Soccer Burundi Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Burundi Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cameroon	National Soccer Cameroon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cameroon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.capeverde	National Soccer Cape Verde Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cape Verde Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.centralafricanrepublic	National Soccer Central African Republic Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Central African Republic Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chad	National Soccer Chad Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Chad Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.comoros	National Soccer Comoros Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Comoros Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.congo	National Soccer Congo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Congo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.congodr	National Soccer Congo DR Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Congo DR Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.djibouti	National Soccer Djibouti Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Djibouti Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.egypt	National Soccer Egypt Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Egypt Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.equatorialguinea	National Soccer Equatorial Guinea Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Equatorial Guinea Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eritrea	National Soccer Eritrea Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Eritrea Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ethiopia	National Soccer Ethiopia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Ethiopia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.gabon	National Soccer Gabon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Gabon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.gambia	National Soccer Gambia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Gambia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ghana	National Soccer Ghana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Ghana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guinea	National Soccer Guinea Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guinea Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guinea-bissau	National Soccer Guinea-Bissau Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guinea-Bissau Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ivorycoast	National Soccer Ivory Coast Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Ivory Coast Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kenya	National Soccer Kenya Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Kenya Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lesotho	National Soccer Lesotho Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Lesotho Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.liberia	National Soccer Liberia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Liberia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.libya	National Soccer Libya Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Libya Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.madagascar	National Soccer Madagascar Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Madagascar Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.malawi	National Soccer Malawi Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Malawi Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mali	National Soccer Mali Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mali Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mauritania	National Soccer Mauritania Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mauritania Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mauritius	National Soccer Mauritius Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mauritius Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.morocco	National Soccer Morocco Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Morocco Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mozambique	National Soccer Mozambique Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mozambique Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.namibia	National Soccer Namibia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Namibia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.niger	National Soccer Niger Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Niger Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nigeria	National Soccer Nigeria Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Nigeria Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.reunion	National Soccer Reunion Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Reunion Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rwanda	National Soccer Rwanda Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Rwanda Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saotomeandprincipe	National Soccer Sao Tome and Principe Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sao Tome and Principe Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.senegal	National Soccer Senegal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Senegal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.seychelles	National Soccer Seychelles Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Seychelles Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sierraleone	National Soccer Sierra Leone Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sierra Leone Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.somalia	National Soccer Somalia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Somalia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.southafrica	National Soccer South Africa Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer South Africa Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.southsudan	National Soccer South Sudan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer South Sudan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sudan	National Soccer Sudan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sudan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.swaziland	National Soccer Swaziland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Swaziland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tanzania	National Soccer Tanzania Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tanzania Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.togo	National Soccer Togo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Togo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tunisia	National Soccer Tunisia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tunisia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.uganda	National Soccer Uganda Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Uganda Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.zambia	National Soccer Zambia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Zambia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.zanzibar	National Soccer Zanzibar Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Zanzibar Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.zimbabwe	National Soccer Zimbabwe Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Zimbabwe Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.anguilla	National Soccer Anguilla Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Anguilla Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.antiguaandbarbuda	National Soccer Antigua and Barbuda Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Antigua and Barbuda Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.aruba	National Soccer Aruba Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Aruba Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bahamas	National Soccer Bahamas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bahamas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.barbados	National Soccer Barbados Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Barbados Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.belize	National Soccer Belize Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Belize Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bermuda	National Soccer Bermuda Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bermuda Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bonaire	National Soccer Bonaire Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bonaire Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.britishvirginislands	National Soccer British Virgin Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer British Virgin Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.canada	National Soccer Canada Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Canada Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.caymanislands	National Soccer Cayman Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cayman Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.costarica	National Soccer Costa Rica Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Costa Rica Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cuba	National Soccer Cuba Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cuba Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.curacao	National Soccer Curacao Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Curacao Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dominica	National Soccer Dominica Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Dominica Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.dominicanrepublic	National Soccer Dominican Republic Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Dominican Republic Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.elsalvador	National Soccer El Salvador Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer El Salvador Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.frenchguiana	National Soccer French Guiana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer French Guiana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.grenada	National Soccer Grenada Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Grenada Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guadeloupe	National Soccer Guadeloupe Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guadeloupe Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guatemala	National Soccer Guatemala Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guatemala Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.guyana	National Soccer Guyana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Guyana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.haiti	National Soccer Haiti Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Haiti Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.honduras	National Soccer Honduras Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Honduras Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.jamaica	National Soccer Jamaica Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Jamaica Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.martinique	National Soccer Martinique Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Martinique Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.mexico	National Soccer Mexico Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Mexico Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.montserrat	National Soccer Montserrat Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Montserrat Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.nicaragua	National Soccer Nicaragua Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Nicaragua Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.panama	National Soccer Panama Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Panama Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.puertorico	National Soccer Puerto Rico Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Puerto Rico Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saintkittsandnevis	National Soccer Saint Kitts and Nevis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Saint Kitts and Nevis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saintlucia	National Soccer Saint Lucia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Saint Lucia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saint-martin	National Soccer Saint-Martin Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Saint-Martin Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saintvincentandthegrenadines	National Soccer Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sintmaarten	National Soccer Sint Maarten Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sint Maarten Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.suriname	National Soccer Suriname Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Suriname Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.trinidadandtobago	National Soccer Trinidad and Tobago Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Trinidad and Tobago Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.turksandcaicosislands	National Soccer Turks and Caicos Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Turks and Caicos Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.usvirginislands	National Soccer US Virgin Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer US Virgin Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.usa	National Soccer USA Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer USA Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.argentina	National Soccer Argentina Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Argentina Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bolivia	National Soccer Bolivia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bolivia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.brazil	National Soccer Brazil Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Brazil Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.chile	National Soccer Chile Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Chile Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.colombia	National Soccer Colombia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Colombia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ecuador	National Soccer Ecuador Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Ecuador Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.paraguay	National Soccer Paraguay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Paraguay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.peru	National Soccer Peru Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Peru Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.uruguay	National Soccer Uruguay Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Uruguay Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.venezuela	National Soccer Venezuela Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Venezuela Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.americansamoa	National Soccer American Samoa Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer American Samoa Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cookislands	National Soccer Cook Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cook Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fiji	National Soccer Fiji Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Fiji Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kiribati	National Soccer Kiribati Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Kiribati Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newcaledonia	National Soccer New  Caledonia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer New  Caledonia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newzealand	National Soccer New Zealand Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer New Zealand Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.niue	National Soccer Niue Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Niue Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.papuanewguinea	National Soccer Papua New Guinea Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Papua New Guinea Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.samoa	National Soccer Samoa Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Samoa Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.solomonislands	National Soccer Solomon Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Solomon Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tahiti	National Soccer Tahiti Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tahiti Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tonga	National Soccer Tonga Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tonga Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tuvalu	National Soccer Tuvalu Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Tuvalu Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vanuatu	National Soccer Vanuatu Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Vanuatu Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.albania	National Soccer Albania Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Albania Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.andorra	National Soccer Andorra Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Andorra Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.armenia	National Soccer Armenia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Armenia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.austria	National Soccer Austria Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Austria Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.azerbaijan	National Soccer Azerbaijan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Azerbaijan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.belarus	National Soccer Belarus Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Belarus Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.belgium	National Soccer Belgium Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Belgium Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bosnia-herzegovina	National Soccer Bosnia-Herzegovina Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bosnia-Herzegovina Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bulgaria	National Soccer Bulgaria Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Bulgaria Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.croatia	National Soccer Croatia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Croatia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cyprus	National Soccer Cyprus Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Cyprus Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.czechrepublic	National Soccer Czech Republic Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Czech Republic Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.denmark	National Soccer Denmark Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Denmark Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.england	National Soccer England Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer England Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.estonia	National Soccer Estonia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Estonia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.faroeislands	National Soccer Faroe Islands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Faroe Islands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.finland	National Soccer Finland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Finland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.france	National Soccer France Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer France Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fyrmacedonia	National Soccer FYR Macedonia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer FYR Macedonia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.georgia	National Soccer Georgia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Georgia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.germany	National Soccer Germany Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Germany Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.gibraltar	National Soccer Gibraltar Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Gibraltar Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.greece	National Soccer Greece Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Greece Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.hungary	National Soccer Hungary Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Hungary Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.iceland	National Soccer Iceland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Iceland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.israel	National Soccer Israel Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Israel Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.italy	National Soccer Italy Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Italy Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kazakhstan	National Soccer Kazakhstan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Kazakhstan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.latvia	National Soccer Latvia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Latvia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.liechtenstein	National Soccer Liechtenstein Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Liechtenstein Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lithuania	National Soccer Lithuania Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Lithuania Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.luxembourg	National Soccer Luxembourg Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Luxembourg Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.malta	National Soccer Malta Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Malta Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.moldova	National Soccer Moldova Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Moldova Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.montenegro	National Soccer Montenegro Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Montenegro Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.netherlands	National Soccer Netherlands Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Netherlands Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.northernireland	National Soccer Northern Ireland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Northern Ireland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.norway	National Soccer Norway Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Norway Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.poland	National Soccer Poland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Poland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.portugal	National Soccer Portugal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Portugal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.republicofireland	National Soccer Republic of Ireland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Republic of Ireland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.romania	National Soccer Romania Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Romania Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.russia	National Soccer Russia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Russia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sanmarino	National Soccer San Marino Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer San Marino Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.scotland	National Soccer Scotland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Scotland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.serbia	National Soccer Serbia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Serbia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.slovakia	National Soccer Slovakia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Slovakia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.slovenia	National Soccer Slovenia Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Slovenia Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.spain	National Soccer Spain Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Spain Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sweden	National Soccer Sweden Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Sweden Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.switzerland	National Soccer Switzerland Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Switzerland Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.turkey	National Soccer Turkey Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Turkey Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.ukraine	National Soccer Ukraine Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Ukraine Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.wales	National Soccer Wales Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	National Soccer Wales Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.americahome	Club Soccer MX America Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX America Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.americaaway	Club Soccer MX America Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX America Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cruzazulhome	Club Soccer MX Cruz Azul Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Cruz Azul Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cruzazulaway	Club Soccer MX Cruz Azul Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Cruz Azul Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.c.d.guadalajarahome	Club Soccer MX C.D. Guadalajara Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX C.D. Guadalajara Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.c.d.guadalajaraaway	Club Soccer MX C.D. Guadalajara Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX C.D. Guadalajara Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.leonhome	Club Soccer MX Leon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Leon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.leonaway	Club Soccer MX Leon Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Leon Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.monterreyhome	Club Soccer MX Monterrey Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Monterrey Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.monterreyaway	Club Soccer MX Monterrey Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Monterrey Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pumashome	Club Soccer MX Pumas Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Pumas Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.pumasaway	Club Soccer MX Pumas Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Pumas Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tigresuanlhome	Club Soccer MX Tigres UANL Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Tigres UANL Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tigresuanlaway	Club Soccer MX Tigres UANL Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Tigres UANL Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tijuanahome	Club Soccer MX Tijuana Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Tijuana Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tijuanaaway	Club Soccer MX Tijuana Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Tijuana Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tolucahome	Club Soccer MX Toluca Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Toluca Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.tolucaaway	Club Soccer MX Toluca Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Toluca Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.veracruzhome	Club Soccer MX Veracruz Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Veracruz Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.veracruzaway	Club Soccer MX Veracruz Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer MX Veracruz Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.borussiadortmundhome	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.borussiadortmundaway	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.borussiadortmundthird	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Third	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Borussia Dortmund Third	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bayernmunchenhome	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bayernmunchenaway	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bayernmunchenthird	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Third	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Bayern Munchen Third	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.schalke04home	Club Soccer DE Schalke 04 Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Schalke 04 Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.schalke04away	Club Soccer DE Schalke 04 Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Schalke 04 Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.kolnhome	Club Soccer DE Koln Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Koln Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eintrachtfrankfurthome	Club Soccer DE Eintracht Frankfurt Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Eintracht Frankfurt Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.eintrachtfrankfurtaway	Club Soccer DE Eintracht Frankfurt Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Eintracht Frankfurt Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bayerleverkusenhome	Club Soccer DE Bayer Leverkusen Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Bayer Leverkusen Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bayerleverkusenaway	Club Soccer DE Bayer Leverkusen Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE Bayer Leverkusen Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vfbstuttgarthome	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vfbstuttgartaway	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vfbstuttgartthird	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Third	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer DE VfB Stuttgart Third	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.internazionalehome	Club Soccer IT Internazionale Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Internazionale Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.internazionaleaway	Club Soccer IT Internazionale Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Internazionale Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fiorentinahome	Club Soccer IT Fiorentina Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Fiorentina Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fiorentinaaway	Club Soccer IT Fiorentina Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Fiorentina Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.romahome	Club Soccer IT Roma Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Roma Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.romaaway	Club Soccer IT Roma Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Roma Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.palermohome	Club Soccer IT Palermo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Palermo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.palermoaway	Club Soccer IT Palermo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Palermo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.a.c.milanhome	Club Soccer IT A.C. Milan Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT A.C. Milan Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.a.c.milanaway	Club Soccer IT A.C. Milan Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT A.C. Milan Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.laziohome	Club Soccer IT Lazio Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Lazio Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.lazioaway	Club Soccer IT Lazio Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Lazio Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.napolihome	Club Soccer IT Napoli Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Napoli Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.napoliaway	Club Soccer IT Napoli Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Napoli Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.juventushome	Club Soccer IT Juventus Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Juventus Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.juventusaway	Club Soccer IT Juventus Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Juventus Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bolognahome	Club Soccer IT Bologna Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Bologna Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bolognaaway	Club Soccer IT Bologna Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer IT Bologna Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.barcelonahome	Club Soccer ES Barcelona Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Barcelona Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.barcelonaaway	Club Soccer ES Barcelona Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Barcelona Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.villarealhome	Club Soccer ES Villareal Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Villareal Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.celtadevigoaway	Club Soccer ES Celta de Vigo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Celta de Vigo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.espanyolhome	Club Soccer ES Espanyol Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Espanyol Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.espanyolaway	Club Soccer ES Espanyol Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Espanyol Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.deportivolacorunahome	Club Soccer ES Deportivo La Coruna Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Deportivo La Coruna Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.deportivolacorunaaway	Club Soccer ES Deportivo La Coruna Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Deportivo La Coruna Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sportinggijonhome	Club Soccer ES Sporting Gijon Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Sporting Gijon Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sportinggijonaway	Club Soccer ES Sporting Gijon Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Sporting Gijon Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.realbetishome	Club Soccer ES Real Betis Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Real Betis Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticbilbaohome	Club Soccer ES Athletic Bilbao Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Athletic Bilbao Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.athleticbilbaoaway	Club Soccer ES Athletic Bilbao Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Athletic Bilbao Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.realsociedadhome	Club Soccer ES Real Sociedad Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer ES Real Sociedad Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fluminensefchome	Club Soccer BR Fluminense FC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Fluminense FC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.fluminensefcaway	Club Soccer BR Fluminense FC Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Fluminense FC Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cruzeiroechome	Club Soccer BR Cruzeiro EC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Cruzeiro EC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.cruzeiroecaway	Club Soccer BR Cruzeiro EC Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Cruzeiro EC Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vascodagamahome	Club Soccer BR Vasco da Gama Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Vasco da Gama Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.vascodagamaaway	Club Soccer BR Vasco da Gama Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Vasco da Gama Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.gremiofoot-ballporto-alegrensehome	Club Soccer BR Gremio Foot-Ball Porto-Alegrense Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Gremio Foot-Ball Porto-Alegrense Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.gremiofoot-ballporto-alegrenseaway	Club Soccer BR Gremio Foot-Ball Porto-Alegrense Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Gremio Foot-Ball Porto-Alegrense Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sccorinthiaspaulistahome	Club Soccer BR SC Corinthias Paulista  Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR SC Corinthias Paulista  Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.crflamengohome	Club Soccer BR CR Flamengo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR CR Flamengo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.crflamengoaway	Club Soccer BR CR Flamengo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR CR Flamengo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sepalmeirashome	Club Soccer BR SE Palmeiras Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR SE Palmeiras Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sepalmeirasaway	Club Soccer BR SE Palmeiras Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR SE Palmeiras Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.scinternacionalhome	Club Soccer BR SC Internacional Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR SC Internacional Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.scinternacionalaway	Club Soccer BR SC Internacional Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR SC Internacional Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.santosfchome	Club Soccer BR Santos FC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Santos FC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.santosfcaway	Club Soccer BR Santos FC Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Santos FC Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saopaulofchome	Club Soccer BR Sao Paulo FC Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Sao Paulo FC Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.saopaulofcaway	Club Soccer BR Sao Paulo FC Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer BR Sao Paulo FC Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bocajuniorshome	Club Soccer AR Boca Juniors Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Boca Juniors Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.bocajuniorsaway	Club Soccer AR Boca Juniors Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Boca Juniors Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sanlorenzohome	Club Soccer AR San Lorenzo Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR San Lorenzo Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.sanlorenzoaway	Club Soccer AR San Lorenzo Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR San Lorenzo Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rosariocentralhome	Club Soccer AR Rosario Central Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Rosario Central Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.rosariocentralaway	Club Soccer AR Rosario Central Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Rosario Central Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.independientehome	Club Soccer AR Independiente Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Independiente Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.independienteaway	Club Soccer AR Independiente Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Independiente Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.racingclubhome	Club Soccer AR Racing Club Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Racing Club Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.racingclubaway	Club Soccer AR Racing Club Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Racing Club Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.riverplatehome	Club Soccer AR River Plate Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR River Plate Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.riverplateaway	Club Soccer AR River Plate Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR River Plate Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.estudiantes(laplata)home	Club Soccer AR Estudiantes (La Plata) Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Estudiantes (La Plata) Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.estudiantes(laplata)away	Club Soccer AR Estudiantes (La Plata) Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Estudiantes (La Plata) Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newellsoldboyshome	Club Soccer AR Newells Old Boys Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Newells Old Boys Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.newellsoldboysaway	Club Soccer AR Newells Old Boys Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Newells Old Boys Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.argentinosjuniorshome	Club Soccer AR Argentinos Juniors Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Argentinos Juniors Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.argentinosjuniorsaway	Club Soccer AR Argentinos Juniors Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Argentinos Juniors Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.velezsarfieldhome	Club Soccer AR Velez Sarfield Home	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Velez Sarfield Home	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
smarterappsflashforce	com.flashforceapp.velezsarfieldaway	Club Soccer AR Velez Sarfield Away	Non-Consumable	yes	1	Club Soccer AR Velez Sarfield Away	Flash Force pattern	/Users/conradframe/Desktop/purchaseExample.png	2015-11-01	None		
